foundation: grantee leonardo (#233)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/foundation/grantees.md

</div>
<br>

## Leonardo Souza

> Leonardo is a Software Engineer based in Brazil, previously Clojure/Java developer in a real-estate tech startup, and Rust developer in a Bitcoin on-ramp/off-ramp startup. He started contributing to BDK and Bitcoin-related FOSS projects in 2022 through his participation in Summer of Bitcoin 2022, mentored by Lloyd Fournier his work focused on a real-time block events library on top of mempool.space API. He's continued his FOSS journey in Summer of Bitcoin 2023, contributing to Fedimint, mentored by Eric Sirion working on adding Tor support on the client level, using Arti, which he's contributing since. He's been continuing his contributions to BDK focusing on improvements, enhancements for BDK 1.0, and Fedimint with focus on adding/improving it's Tor support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leonardo is a Software Engineer based in Brazil, previously Clojure/Java developer in a real-estate tech startup, and Rust developer in a Bitcoin on-ramp/off-ramp startup. He started contributing to BDK and Bitcoin-related FOSS projects in 2022 through his participation in Summer of Bitcoin 2022, mentored by Lloyd Fournier his work focused on a real-time block events library on top of mempool.space API. He's continued his FOSS journey in Summer of Bitcoin 2023, contributing to Fedimint, mentored by Eric Sirion working on adding Tor support on the client level, using Arti, which he's contributing since. He's been continuing his contributions to BDK focusing on improvements, enhancements for BDK wallet and chain clients, and research towards utreexo support.
```

Reviewer: I just replaced the Fedimint part at the end since I don't think he plans to work on that.  Otherwise the rest looks good to me.
